Add feature flags to issue-details page and launchdarkly integration documentation (#11749)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/feature-flag/launchdarkly/index.mdx

> description: Learn about Sentry's LaunchDarkly integration. LaunchDarkly enables organizations to use Sentry errors as a metric in their LaunchDarkly experiments.

Reviewer: we should probably update this description to be more generic -- right now it's about metrics, but we're adding FF info to this page too!

1. Navigate to **Settings > Integrations > LaunchDarkly**

2. Follow the full [LaunchDarkly installation instructions](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/integrations/sentry).

> ## Change Tracking Integration

Reviewer: we should mention that there's another step needed to set up feature flags completely (e.g. for eval tracking, they need to set up the platform-specific language for their sdk) & link to a full list of platforms (a product index page, when we create it, would make sense)

Reviewer: link to eval tracking setup: `/product/explore/feature-flags/#set-up-your-language-specific-sdk`

> Sentry offers a flag change tracking integration which allows Sentry to associate flag definition changes with errors that occurred in your application. To enable this integration, create a new <Link to="https://app.launchdarkly.com/settings/integrations?q=generic+trigger">"Generic Trigger"</Link> integration and paste the Sentry web hook URL generated by the Feature Flag Integration Modal. For information on how to generate a Sentry Web Hook URL, visit the <PlatformLink to="/product/issues/issue-details/#feature-flags">feature flag integration documentation here</PlatformLink>. Learn more about LaunchDarkly's "Generic Triggers" <Link to="https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/releases/triggers">here</Link>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry offers a flag change tracking integration which allows Sentry to associate flag definition changes with errors that occurred in your application. To enable this integration, create a new <Link to="https://app.launchdarkly.com/settings/integrations?q=generic+trigger">"Generic Trigger"</Link> integration and paste the Sentry webhook URL generated by the feature flag flyout panel. For information on how to generate a Sentry webhook URL, visit the <PlatformLink to="/product/issues/issue-details/#feature-flags">feature flag integration documentation here</PlatformLink>. Learn more about LaunchDarkly's "Generic Triggers" <Link to="https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/releases/triggers">here</Link>.
```
